[Site Home](../../../../index) | [Role Playing Games Home](../../../index) | [Port City Home](../index)

# Factions

## Cult of the Dragon Jovial
Dancing and singing about the city, ringing bells of all shapes and kinds in an exctastic cacaughany, the Dragon Jovial beckons to people to follow in their stead. Clad in poorly kept rotten robes the cult is seen mainly around the crowded wharf and mercantile sectors. Comprised mainly of goblins, they call still to all who would follow setting aside the centuries long hatered and scorn their bretheren hold. They have no official structure, nor any ordained meeting place. They live, sleep, and eat the city living a life more destitute than even the poorest of the poor. The Temple has attempted to render aid in the past only to be turned away, sometimes violently, and so no longer seek to help them.
### Secrets
The Cult of the Dragon Jovial gathers at night when fighting occurs, often following the thieves guild from the shadows. They wait for people to fall in combat and scurry quickly to remove the bodies from the field and secret them away to hidden burrows where a fate worse than death awaits them; they are only concerend with people and not posessions. The city guard does nothing to try and recover people stolen by the cult referring distraut friends and family to mercenaries who have a taste for such greusome tasks. The thieves guild will not attempt recovery either and are loathe to engage the cult in combat. Cult members who go to gather the fallen can be scared off and the bodies protected, but people doing this must quickly make their escape before more of the cult arrives.

## Schola Tenebris
Operating in the blasted and withered old town inland of the slums, the Schola Tenebris maintains a research school of sorts free of oversight. Under the condition that people there are not disturbed anyone can rent space to perform any and all manners of research crossing all fields of scholarly pursuit, though they typically only attract the more nefarious of researchers. Mechanical, arcane, divine, even necromantic research is tolerated. The rooms exist all over the city, but are accessed from the school grounds. The slums are a prime harvest location because the guard does not patrol there, and the thieves guild don't care. Small factions of mercenaries, temple acolytes, and a somewhat hodge podge of a police force are the only ones who try and protect the populace.

## Wyld
Along with Sylvan elves, druids and barbarians of many races make up a more aggressive nature worshiping enclave which exists among several of the outlying islands and rare patches of greenery in and around the city. In direct opposition of almost everyone, including their more well known bretheren, the Wyld are rarely friendly and welcoming to strangers who wander into their realm.
### Secrets
The Wyld is actively fighting the Dragon Jovial, sometimes openly. The Wyld is also interested in people who fall in combat, though they are more picky as to who it is who falls.