[Site Home](../../../index) | [Role Playing Games Home](../../index)

# Port City
Ominous, foggy, smarmy
Bay and surrounding slopes formed by a meteor impact. The bay was the where the meteor came to rest pushing up the rock to form a ring around what would become the bay. The approach of the meteor created a long, narrow valley which has since become rather fertile and verdant. The final resting place of the meteor created a deep depression in the earth pushing several rings of rock up and away from the mainland and forming what would become the bay of the Port City. In total there were three prominant rings of rock which, from oceanside to inland ranked tallest peaks with large gaps to small outcroppings connected to the landmass. As the bay filled with water most of the outer ring collapsed into the ocean, while the second and first ring mostly eroded away to become a small archipelego of sharply rising islands which make trouble for ships navigating into the port. A dedicated route outlined by small towers of everburning fire was created to overcome this problem, though the waters are still treacherous and require a guiding boat to help bring the ships to port.
    - More than 20 miles (32 km) offshore, where the outer ring was, the lone sentinal "Bal Eldur" stands more than 7,000 feet (2100+ meters, 1 1/3+ miles) above the ocean waters. This seamount containing curious dwellings which face to the east, away from the land and towards the deep ocean. From its summit a brilliant light of pale white shoots to the heavens strong enough to warn westerly travelling ships, but curiously obscured when looking out east from the city; sunrise and sunset are the most adventageous times of day to view this anomoly from the city. Towards the peak of Bal Eldur is the Geislun Monastary, a temple of training and worship to the gods of light.
An enterprising merchant won favor with the ruler of the area and was awarded the title of duke/baron(?) and given the bay and it's surrounds in order to expand his mercantile efforts and bring great wealth to the ruler. The merchant made his castle on one of the inner ring's outcroppings, connected to the mainland by a golden bridge of dwarven crafstmanship.

### [Attributes and Ideas](./attributesAndIdeas)

### [Factions](./factions/index)